Improve docs about summary and description (#2393)
OAI/OpenAPI-Specification: versions/3.1.0.md

The HTTP Status Codes are used to indicate the status of the executed operation. 
The available status codes are defined by [RFC7231](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-6) and registered status codes are listed in the [IANA Status Code Registry](https://www.iana.org/assignments/http-status-codes/http-status-codes.xhtml).

##### <a name="summary"></a>Summaries

> In various places throughout the OpenAPI Specification, fields may have a `summary`. The summary is intended to be a short overview of that item and SHOULD be less than 120 characters. It MUST be plaintext and not contain formatting like Markdown or HTML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In various places throughout the OpenAPI Specification, objects may have a `summary`. The summary is intended to be a short overview of that item. It MUST be plaintext and not contain formatting like Markdown or HTML.
```

Author: Thanks for that background! I have updated the text.

##### <a name="description"></a>Descriptions

> In various places throughout the OpenAPI Specification, fields may have a `description`. The description is intended to be a long-form explanation of that item and MAY be arbitrary length. [CommonMark syntax](https://spec.commonmark.org/) MAY be used for rich text representation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In various places throughout the OpenAPI Specification, objects may have a `description`. The description is intended to be a long-form explanation of that item and MAY be arbitrary length. [CommonMark syntax](https://spec.commonmark.org/) MAY be used for rich text representation.
```

Author: Thank you for helping with making this consistent! I should have noticed from my review that there had been a concerted effort to use the term "object", sorry for the poor choice of terms.
